sup YouTube do a quick riff lesson of
icky thump but white stripes first I'll
play it once through and then I'll break
it down for you
alright so move up so it starts off it's
an e power cord I'm doing is hitting top
three strings top two i guess ii power
cords right here i think it goes seven
times and then and then you play an e
power cord and then a G power cord and
you go to the e power cord again so
starts off the e power cord then you
slide up the D string to the seventh
fret after you play that note it should
be i usually slide from here after you
play that note should be sort of
staccato sounding you want to stop it
like that I'll play it through once you
hear it all right sort of it stops it
doesn't ring like that so next notes
slide to that UK e power cord
i slide down one fret and then just pull
off I only pick once so I I practice it
in sections that's how I learned it I
tried to learn it up to speed in section
so I'd play like this okay after that
once you got that down move to
all picked
a string fifth fret a string fourth fret
and a string open
those I let ring
you
followed by a mute palm you
G chord nanny court that's it okay
second part so I'll play it through one
so you cut here together
starts off the same way the second part
ii power cord pull off then I slide g
string from the 5th to the 7th fret then
I'll pick this note i'll pick this no
then it goes back to G power cord and II
then you play the first part again
the end is the D 5v5 i like to slide it
down at the end I think he kind of does
that I don't know it's kind of staccato
too though you don't wanna you know it's
like that
all right that's it hope you guys enjoy
hope it helps